master
Why is a girl in her 20s?
Which master gave his diligence to someone else?
How is he?
Where's my son?
Sure enough it was him
The host is coming
Cowherd, I'm really sorry.
Interrupting your party
This woman kicked me out of the house years ago
I didn't expect to come to a place like ours
And it also hurt Xuan'er
I've already taught him a lesson
If you are still not satisfied
I hand him over to you personally
Such a precious hand
Who hurt it?
Sorry. Sorry.
Is Xiao Liu abrupt?
Haha, stunned?
In the medical field
Regardless of age
It just depends on the level of medical skills
Phantom Medicine can fully afford Liu Lao
Call yourself Xiao Liu
Liu Lao
He did it.
Goddamn thing
Do you know
These hands are the jewels of our country
You know
The surgeons' hands
Especially the hands of highly skilled surgeons
How precious
Is there any misunderstanding about the excitement of the hooligan?
I watched this kid grow up
How can he be a surgeon if he doesn't know how to do medicine?
Look at this grown up
Yeah, who is he to you?
I'm his mother.
My mother died
You're just a mistress
Xiao Du, let me explode it for you.
I will come I will come
Oh, thank you kindly.
Wife is right.
How can Zuo Yin know medical skills?
Is it Liu Lao's old presbyopia?
Mistakenly identified the left sound as hanging